was it lads mr. like stick here how you
guys dude cuz I I'm great for like two
weeks for that two-week stretch of just
doing absolutely nothing I have no great
that's the reason why i haven't uploaded
the gameplay I think it's no I think
it's no heading for two weeks because my
life has just been saw saw saw saw saw
saw an active but before we got it up
this is a TDM much on Gulch mob gameplay
obviously that's all our Lord because I
that's that's the best thing you can
really get on cod isn't it yeah but yeah
listen for one more friends in Swain a
sexy boys mold climb buddy we still keep
in touch and we like tempura nmh of each
other eyes Gabe like nique in there but
anyway that doesn't mark I'll talk about
that later I guess anyway my an active
life over the past two weeks it's just
been me waking up in the modern going to
play cod and I just haven't been able to
get one single single actually actually
I was wrong there I got one gameplay and
I wasn't recorded at a time so it was
all my file share i was take it to
myself ok so I fail she has fade it's
pretty well okay I went to my favor
chair and for fuck's sake it was gone
always happens all check gameplays are
always saved on your file share and in
the good game place I just never there
when you need them well yeah we're not
only not come fuck you can't fuck you
activision get a fucking sorted i hate
that so much I just I'll mail it all for
you guys it's eleven o'clock in the
morning I'd I am drinking a double vodka
and iron brew it's a weird makes yes I
know I didn't have any cork as a
Scottish person I was always iron brew
and household so why not try it or I
could just drag it straight actually I
should I drank it straight damn it
you know what we'll go get myself a shot
we will reconvene and I'm gonna drink it
this right we're back 7-iron bro let the
vodka oh oh yeah level gawking bottom
and after the triple vodka how do you
even think I'm going today she's my life
so anyway I keep straight off the point
you being so I'd active I have also been
unwell for the past two weeks I I've
I've sort of mailed asked some of its
almost kept under control by using my
father's and whatnot but when I ever
ever commented contact with dust I mean
a dust every single day I cannot be in a
room with with one pirate or dust when I
touch it mass we're just schools all
over the place look listen this now it's
me breathing out but with some family
coming down so I had to do some cleaning
autism Dustin of old rooms add to clear
a couple rooms oh and oh my god there
was so much dust I was even wearing a
mask on and it still wasn't helping so
obvious I have to go to the doctors
gotta get a new puffle go get my chair
stones and whatnot whatnot just it just
average chest Chevy got this product s
and fish i'm not sure but really to work
here cuz dr. sorted out for me i'll have
to go to take pills yeah hmm back onto
the point of being an actor for last two
weeks core makeup stop straight off the
point here ah ya thang I saw I've got to
talk about start with something else
last night way and watch poem i said
before i have seen all the other part
numbers one two or three and yes they
have been good number for went on for
about 20 minutes and at was fucking shit
i went with a couple of people and they
all said it was good but um i'm quite a
fella but i'm not really like i go to
the cellar most of it three four times a
week with my fellow buddy Jamie Clancy
he wants a show this video and I gave it
to ya so we went watched it last night
and it was so bad it was literally less
was the plot
well get off a lot of love go she was so
letís girl and she saw she's like birds
daire together stuff that happened in
the house as per usual she gets the
gesture was happening she tries to find
out and she was killed it's all fucking
ball sent it at the end it was just hot
taunting road seen lab a lab full of
zombies integer running away that was a
nothing else we got a long transition to
see that we want the match well I don't
want the matter you want to matter very
much but anyway thanks guys for watching
this uh sure none for more yeah fuck
bitches knows well